Update content.md (#1966)
docker-library/docs: aerospike/content.md

### ee-[version]

> These [tags](https://hub.docker.com/r/aerospike/aerospike-server-enterprise/tags?page=1&ordering=last_updated) are for Aerospike EE images, and will require a feature key file, such as the one you get with the single-node EE evaluation, or one associated with a commercial enterprise license agreement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These [tags](https://hub.docker.com/_/aerospike?tab=tags&ordering=last_updated&name=ee-) are for Aerospike EE images, and will require a feature key file, such as the one you get with the single-node EE evaluation, or one associated with a commercial enterprise license agreement.
```

### ce-[version]

> These [tags](https://hub.docker.com/r/aerospike/aerospike-server/tags?page=1&ordering=last_updated) are for Aerospike CE images, and do not require a feature key file to start. As mentioned above, the developer API for both is the same, but the editions differ in operational features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These [tags](https://hub.docker.com/_/aerospike?tab=tags&ordering=last_updated&name=ce-) are for Aerospike CE images, and do not require a feature key file to start. As mentioned above, the developer API for both is the same, but the editions differ in operational features.
```

Reviewer 2: @tianon the official repo seems to have reverted to the old docker store publisher. Any changes occurring. We use to update content from updating content.md Have thing changed?

Reviewer: My guess is that it's probably related to https://github.com/docker-library/docs/issues/1899 in some way -- I'll ask again. :disappointed:
